samples: benchmark: coremark: add FLPR support for nRF54L15 DK (#20462)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/benchmarks/coremark/README.rst

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF52 DKs

>       Button 1:

Author: I would need to get some feedback from our technical writers as your suggestion changes the template for documenting UI interface

>       Button 1:

Author: @peknis? Any thoughts regarding @MarekPieta suggestion?

>       Button 1:

Reviewer: Why not, as the essential is said already in the introduction. However, have the button and LED in bold.

>       Button 1:

Author: yes, I was waiting for the feedback

   Otherwise, it will wait for the button press.

.. note::
   The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_APP_MODE_FLASH_AND_RUN` Kconfig option is always enabled for the PPR core on the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target.
   This core on the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target does not use the on-board buttons and LEDs.

> .. _SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN:

Reviewer 2: don't like this being a global doc tag because it's not generic enough to not clash with other things

Author: The `_APP_` infix suggests that this belongs to certain projects. This is the way in which we document Kconfig options at the CMake project level both for sysbuild and the main image. @peknis, @divipillai or @annwoj any ideas on how to move forward?

Author: This style is also used in other samples. For example:

https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/samples/suit/flash_companion/README.html

Reviewer 3: Since this is a sample specific Kconfig option, the Kconfig is defined in this manner - https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/templates/sample_README.html#configuration_options. 

The same is followed in all the other samples.

Reviewer 2: But if I created another sample application and used the same Kconfig then documented it with the same tag e.g. `.. _SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN:` surely doc build is going to fail because of multiple definitions of the same thing?

Author: If that's the case and the same Kconfig names in two different samples cause documentation build failure, then we may need to devise a plan to handle this scenario at some point. CC: @divipillai, @annwoj, @peknis

Reviewer 3: @nordicjm : Since it is defined in the Kconfig file of this sample - samples/benchmarks/coremark/Kconfig.sysbuild, the Kconfig is defined in this sample documentation using the "_SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN:" label. 

From the other sample docs, if the same Kconfig is used, we would just reference to this section using the :ref: syntax. For example, :ref:`SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN <SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN>`. We don't define the Kconfig again in another sample documentation.

> SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN - Enable the benchmark execution also for the FLPR core

Reviewer 2: \`\`SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN\`\`

Author: This is a change of documentation style. I would like to get some feedback from @peknis, @divipillai or @annwoj

Reviewer 3: Here we are defining the Kconfig (Sample-specific) options. Hence, the style should be kept as it. This is how it renders - https://ncsdoc.z6.web.core.windows.net/PR-20462/nrf/samples/benchmarks/coremark/README.html#configuration-options.

Reviewer 2: Not how I expected, marking as resolved

   This option is only available for board targets that support the FLPR core (for example, ``nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp``) in this sample.

.. note::

>    FLPR code is run from RAM.

Reviewer: code or core?

Author: The code keyword is okay.

We have a similar entry for the PPR core:
 
   ```PPR code is run from RAM.```

   This option is not supported for the following board targets that include an SoC with the FLPR core:

     * ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp``
     * ``nrf54l15dk/nrf54l05/cpuapp``
     * ``nrf54l15dk/nrf54l10/cpuapp``

> .. _SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUNET_RUN:

Reviewer 2: as above for both options and both Kconfigs in text

   Otherwise, it will wait for the button press.

.. note::

>    The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_APP_MODE_FLASH_AND_RUN` Kconfig option is always enabled for the PPR and FLPR cores on the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target.

Author: you are right. Let's modify this in a subsequent PR

   These cores on the ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp`` board target do not use buttons and LEDs.

.. _SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN:

SB_CONFIG_APP_CPUFLPR_RUN - Enable execution for the FLPR core

>    Enable the benchmark execution also for the board targets with the FLPR core HW (for example, nRF54L15 and nRF54H20 SoCs).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Enable the benchmark execution also for the FLPR core for targets with the nRF54L15 SoC.
```

Reviewer 4: Current wording it misleading

Author: this option does not cover only the nRF54L15, it will also be used to enable execution for nRF54H20 DK

Author: rephrased the whole paragraph

.. note::
   FLPR code is run from RAM.

   This option is not supported for the following board targets that include an SoC with the FLPR core:

>      * ``nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpuapp``

Reviewer 4: Consider mentioning that nRF54H20 FLPR is not yet integrated in the sample, while L05 and L10 do not support FLPR at the SDK level

Author: discussed offline, decided to not explain what is causing the lack of support for the listed board targets.
